This directory contains Java class files and source code for the
GF2GIFs program, a strangely pointless program that converts
the "generic font" files output by METAFONT into sets of GIF images.

This is version 1.0 of GF2GIFs, indicating that it is the first
(and possibly only) public release of this software.  The current
version should be available at http://www.slurm.com/gf2gifs/.


REQUIREMENTS

  1) GF2GIFs is a Java application.  In order to run GF2GIFs, you
	will need a Java runtime environment.  GF2GIFs was built
	using the Linux version of Java 1.2.2 available from
	http://www.blackdown.org.  The code doesn't do anything
	so radical that it should not run in other Java environments,
	but it has not been thoroughly tested in other environments
	so of course your mileage may vary.

  2) The GF2GIFs program depends on Jef Poskanzer's fine GIF encoder,
	available from http://www.acme.com.


CONTENTS

  README	this file

  apidoc	the Javadoc documentation for the Java classes
		that comprise GF2GIFs (as well as a bonus Java
		implementation of the gftype program)

  com.jar	the Java class files for the program(s)

  samples	two sample generic font files that were output
		from METAFONT: io.2602gf is the result of running
		METAFONT on io.mf as explained in Chapter 5 of
		Donald Knuth's METAFONTbook; bcmr17.118gf results
		from a special backwards version of Knuth's own
		Computer Modern Roman 17 point.  (See
		http://www.slurm.com/gf2gifs/backwards/ for details.)

  src		The Java source code for the program(s).


INSTALLATION

  If you are reading this file, you have essentially already
  installed the GF2GIFs program (as well as GFType, a Java
  implementation of David Fuchs' gftype program).

  In order to run GF2GIFs, you will also need to install the
  Acme Java package (available at http://www.acme.com), or at least
  enough of it to support the Acme.JPM.Encoders.GifEncoder class.

  You should add com.jar, as well as the Acme classes, to your
  CLASSPATH.

USAGE

  Once the com.jar file and the Acme package are included in your CLASSPATH,
  you should be able to invoke the GF2GIFs program by typing

	java com.slurm.gf.GF2GIFs --help

  at your command line prompt.  This invocation will give you a brief
  list of the available command line options and their effects.

  Typical usage might be something like

	java com.slurm.gf.GF2GIFs -tb -d temp io.2602gf

  This invocation would create two GIF images (one for each
  character in the io font) with transparent backgrounds, and place
  them in the "temp" subdirectory of the current working directory.

CONTACT

  If you encounter problems with GF2GIFs, or on the off chance that
  you find GF2GIFs useful or enjoyable, please do not hesitate to
  contact its author, Richard Blaylock <blaylock@slurm.com>.

